docs(docs): Initial docset & expanded README (#14)
spinnaker/rotation-scheduler: docs/rotation_schedule_generate.md

## rotation schedule generate

Generates a new schedule.

### Synopsis

Example invocation:
<pre>
$ rotation schedule generate \
    schedule.yaml \
    --start 2020-03-01 \
    --stop 2020-04-01 \
    --users abc,lmn,xyz
</pre>

```
rotation schedule generate [outputFile] [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help           help for generate

>       --start string   Optional. Generate schedule starting on this date (inclusive). Defaults to tomorrow's date. Must be in the format 2006-01-02

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --start string   Optional. Generate schedule starting on this date (inclusive). Defaults to tomorrow's date. Must be in the format yyyy-mm-dd
```

Author: Done.
